this is the brand-new 2015 facelift
Ranger XLT presented by team Hutchison
Ford here in Christchurch in the central
city this vehicle has the 3.2 litre
five-cylinder common-rail diesel engine
matched to a 6-speed Tiptronic auto
facelift consists of a restyled 17 inch
alloy wheel we also have some new
running boards to the vehicle new front
end we have projector headlamps
incorporating a daytime running limp
also front fog lamps vehicle has the 3
year 100,000 K factory warranty which
includes ford's roadside assistance
program the vehicles fuel consumption
has decreased from the outgoing model
now is that nine litres two hundred KS
on a combined cycle and it's been
achieved by a few things and we have
electric also auto start/stop and
electric steering now a copy of the
vehicle window cards recommended retail
price is 60 304 o plus on-road costs so
six-speed Tiptronic Auto which features
whoo-hoo launch assist and grade control
logic shift on the fly four-wheel drive
so shift between two wheel drive and
four wheel drive high speeds up to 120
then of course we have low ratio the
three buttons in front there we have
hill descent control electronic rear
diff lock dynamic Stability control
which also incorporates a trailer sway
control function just down there you
will see dual USB ports exhilarate plug
and an SD slot dual power sources as
well climate control functions in the
new 8 inch touchscreen which I'll show
you shortly
there are six year bags dual front front
side and Fulkerson
vehicle achieves the maximum 5 star end
cap safety racing three diagonal belts
isofix fasteners now for the child seats
as the anchor point this is a great
function that's been added we have a
three-point plug for all sorts of
devices and also another 12-volt source
there is a couple of storage
compartments under the base of the seat
there a under royal tough tech liner is
now standard it has all the outer
tie-downs
we also have a 12 volt power source
incorporated into the vehicle there's
some lights as you can see and just
underneath the high stop light to
illuminate the tough dick at night
here's a tow rating of 3500 kg s braked
reversing sensors and camera now vehicle
also comes with a full burglar alarm
from the factory height adjust on the
driver's seat tilt on the steering
column automatic headlamps as well we'll
just start the vehicle so all new
dashboard the electric steering I
mentioned before just makes it so much
lighter for maneuvering at low speeds
we have various functions so you see now
on the right hand side where the digital
rift kantor and I can scroll through
some various functions here which now
brings up the engine temperature digital
speedometer distance to empty etc over
here we can on the left we can have
various screens come up and on you see
the navigation phone or the stereo
system this is the new eight-inch
touchscreen system it's divided into
four quadrants and you can enlarge each
one simply by touching and so if I now
go into audio system so all very easy to
use very quick very easy to navigate
around with the navigation system at
again all very clear and quick now if I
engage the camera it also has the
guidelines so turn the wheel and you can
see little indicates we were going to
end up one of the greatest features
though is we have sync voice control if
I push this button here
please say a command find a hospital and
where would you like to search nearby in
a suburb or in a city nearby say line
number one when ready press the voice
button and then say set his destination
so as you can see now I can push the
once my phone speed simply push that
button I'll ring up straight away I can
set that is my destination as well some
other great functions within that system
you can just simply say find a name the
address call home call work whatever it
is and also I'm hungry which will give
you a list of a whole lot of restaurants
and you can track down as well so again
fantastic feature I almost forgot we've
got cruise control as well as you'd
expect so they've just made the
best-selling track and New Zealand even
better you're welcome to come down and
view and test drive here at team
Hutchinson Ford we're at 186 to M Street
and the central city of Christchurch
it's available for viewing in our
showroom that's open we're open Monday
through to Saturday during normal
business hours